Implement Test Execution in GitLab CI/CD and Extend Local Git Server Usages (#133)
DSD-DBS/capella-dockerimages: docs/docs/ci-templates/gitlab/image-builder.md

  - `DOCKER_REGISTRY`: The URL to the Docker registry
  - `DOCKER_REGISTRY_USER`: Username of a techuser with push permission to the Docker registry
  - `DOCKER_REGISTRY_PASSWORD`: Corresponding password of the techuser

> - `T4C_SERVER_REGISTRY`: Registry where you can find the t4c server image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `T4C_SERVER_REGISTRY`: Docker registry which contains the required t4c server image
```

> - `T4C_SERVER_TAG`: Tag that is used for the t4c server image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `T4C_SERVER_TAG`: Docker tag that is used for the t4c server image
```

> - `T4C_SERVER_TEST_DATA_REPO`: Link to the t4c test data repo needed to run the backup tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `T4C_SERVER_TEST_DATA_REPO`: Link to the Git repository containing t4c test data needed to run the backup tests.
```

As we don't provide the repository, how does it look like?

Author: Added a second sentence describing the general structure (i.e., `/data/$CAPELLA_VERSION/repositories/test-repo`)

> - `LOCAL_GIT_BASE_IMAGE`: Specifies the base images used to build the local git server needed to run the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LOCAL_GIT_BASE_IMAGE`: Specifies the base image which is used to build the local git server for the pytest.
```
